The Hunger Games
who know twenty different ways to kill you with a knife Oh therell be people l
wanted those clothes I couldnt go home Because at home was my mother with her 
usually safe to touch Even so I always take a moment to listen carefully for t
twelve-year-old and although he was only two years older he already looked lik
try to forgive her for my fathers sake But to be honest Im not the forgiving t
toss them into the trough and the front bakery bell rung and the mother disappe
to continue Haymitch plummets off the stage and knocks himself unconscious Hes
they tell me Sitting at Prims knees guarding her is the worlds ugliest cat M
the glass ball with the girls names She reaches in digs her hand deep into the
the edge of the woods after the coal had run out my bands empty of any hope I 
sister as he presented her the oldest child with a medal of valor A medal fo
reaping twenty times Gale who is eighteen and has been either helping or singl
pretty he says flatly At home I find my mother and sister are ready to go My
past are very precious to her Of course Lets put your hair up too she says 
overlooking a valley A thicket of berry bushes protects it from unwanted eyes 
one can help loving So instead of acknowledging applause I stand there unmovin
oldest in the front the young ones like Prim toward the back Family members 
not me that its not me Effie Trinket crosses back to the podium smoothes the 
muscles in my face relaxing my pace quickening as I climb the hills to our plac
lying in the Meadow you hear the wails from a house and the Peacekeepers are c
killed in the mine accident three months earlier in the bitterest January anyone
how sick she was of having those brats from the Seam pawing through her trash T
had thanked him at some point Id be feeling less conflicted now I thought abou
given on their ages whether theyre Seam or merchant if they will break down an
for Gales safety when shes reading the name Peeta Mellark Peeta Mellark Oh n
face the crowd as the anthem of Panem plays Oh well I think There will be tw
chair or more often huddled under the blankets on her bed eyes fixed on some 
caters to officials Peacekeepers and the occasional Seam customer They ran an
cameras at the train station My sister and my mother come first I reach out to
camera Is he addressing the audience or is he so drunk he might actually be tau
but the insides were still warm When I dropped them on the table Prims hands r
been loose for years There are several other weak spots in the fence but this 
away I dropped my gaze embarrassed and thats when I saw it The first dandeli
and try to figure out how they will survive the painful weeks to come We make o
and trading and staying in school I turn to my mother and grip her arm hard 
a particular fondness for them and can afford our price The mayors daughter Ma
Why not No one decent will buy burned bread He began to tear off chunks from t
When I wake up the other side of the bed is cold My fingers stretch out seeki
The moment the anthem ends we are taken into custody I dont mean were handcuff
The last tribute standing wins Taking the kids from our districts forcing them
The Hunger Games 1by Suzanne Collins
She puts the money for the berries in my hand Good luck Katniss You too I s
PART I"THE TRIBUTES"
One time when I was in a blind in a tree waiting motionless for game to wander
District 12 hasnt had a volunteer in decades and the protocol has become rusty 
Because if it had become known that my mother could no longer care for us the d
3
2
1
